Tightened homepage intro (#797)
apollographql/docs: src/content/basics/index.mdx

---
title: Documentation
toc: false

> subtitle: 'Use Apollo to unify your data with GraphQL'

Reviewer: I don't know if the subtitle is the best place for this unless we can come up with something really short and snappy.  (Which feels more like the realm of a marketing website.)

Most documentation landing pages don't appear to have something like this, but if they do (e.g. [Stripe](https://docs.stripe.com/)) it's more about the documentation, not about the product, e.g. "Explore our guides and examples to integrate Stripe."

Author: The subtitle as-is does need editing. Still, I prefer we condense the gist of our intro paragraph into a subtitle. It'd be more eye-catching and more efficient use of space on the page. 

And it being about the documentation feels like a lost opportunity to position docs to our target personas. We could lean into federation with Apollo:

```suggestion
subtitle: 'Learn to federate your data with Apollo'
```

Reviewer: Works for me! Maybe we include "services"? (Either replace or add to data):

```suggestion
subtitle: 'Learn to federate your data and services with Apollo'
```

Author: `data sources`?

```suggestion
subtitle: 'Learn to federate your data sources with Apollo'
```

Reviewer: I think "sources" minimizes things, since we're actually federating whole services. Just "data" works too!

  GradientCard
} from '../../components/HomePage';

> Apollo provides the developer platform and tools to unify your data and services into a _supergraph_—a single distributed GraphQL API.

Reviewer: I like how you condensed most of this into the GraphOS Gradient card. At the same time, one opening line might make things more cohesive? Something like:

Apollo makes GraphQL work for you at any stage and any scale, whether you're just getting started or migrating your platform onto the supergraph.

Apollo makes GraphQL work for you at any stage and any scale, whether you're just getting started, building your first API, querying an API, or migrating your platform onto the supergraph.

> ## For architects

Reviewer: If we're keeping the TOC, I'd keep this.

>   description="Use Apollo GraphOS to build a supergraph—all your data services combined into a single distributed GraphQL API."

Reviewer: Maybe we can start introducing Federation terminology here, just to warm users up to it.

```suggestion
  description="Use Apollo GraphOS to build a supergraph—all your data services composed into a single distributed GraphQL API."
```

  path="/graphos"

>   cta="Learn about GraphOS"

Reviewer: It would be nice to have a stronger CTA, e.g. "Build your supergraph", but until we have a stronger quickstart to link to, it seems like that would be setting false expectations about the page we're currently linking too.
